chore: add m2 contracts inclusion to changelog (#604)
Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go: CHANGELOG.md

* Renamed `SetAccountIdentifier` to `SetAvs` [#597](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/pull/597)
  * The underlying call was renamed in [the v1.1.1 eigenlayer-middleware release](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigenlayer-middleware/releases/tag/v1.1.1-testnet-slashing).

> * Added M2 version for middleware contracts by @maximopalopoli in [595](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/pull/595)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added bindings for M2 contracts by @maximopalopoli in [595](https://github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/pull/595)
```

>   * The M2 version bindings are available at `M2-contracts/bindings` folder, here is an example of use:
>     ``` Go
>       import (
>         ...
>         m2regcoord "github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/M2-contracts/bindings/RegistryCoordinator"
>         ...
>       )
> 
>       // Creating a Registry Coordinator contract binding with M2 version
>       registryCoordinatorContract, err := m2regcoord.NewContractRegistryCoordinator(
>         contractAddrs.RegistryCoordinator,
>         ethHttpClient,
>       )
>       require.NoError(t, err)
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The M2 bindings are available at `github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-goM2-contracts/bindings`. Users that wish to use an old version of a binding should change the `contracts` part of the import for `M2-contracts`:
    ```go
      // slashing bindings import
      // import "github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/contracts/bindings/RegistryCoordinator"

      // M2 bindings import
      import "github.com/Layr-Labs/eigensdk-go/M2-contracts/bindings/RegistryCoordinator"
    ```
```
